FTP account:
[10:53:26 PM] tomek: ftp.skincaresearch.com
[10:53:36 PM] tomek: user: tomek
[10:53:50 PM] tomek: pass: TomekDlifecell3

WP account:
Username: amaov
Password: AngeloAOV2011
http://www.skincaresearch.com/wp-login.php
    
	
	Hello sir.
    These are the list that I have noticed that needs fixes.

    Header (section)
    Sign In and Register
	
	Login:
        - no functionality
		- DONE
		- TO DO'S
		- copy login.css to login css path/directory to the file server
		- copy email-login plugin  (customize errors labels)
		-  copy register-plus plugin
		- copy wp-login.php to site 
		- REQUIRED: 
		- ftp account
		
		
    REGISTER:
		- to do's
		

	
    collect following:

- first last
- male/female
- email address
- phone number
I'm gonna give you a layout for the form. you will use it here:
http://www.skincaresearch.com/wp-login.php
and here:
http://www.skincaresearch.com/wp-login.php?action=register

Posting comments in the review section of the product should be available only to the registered users.
"Write a review" button should be taking the registered user to the commenting of specific product. 
Unregistered user should be taken to the registration form.

    1. Home page (Page)
    Get our Newsletter! (section)
        - no functionality
    Also basic data collection - this can be populated in google spreadsheet.

 

    Top 5 Products (section)
        from 2 - 5 products:
        the buy here button redirects to its own page (home)

It should redirect to the product review page (for now) 
in the mean time we gonna set up affiliate accounts with other companies and then we will link those with their landing pages with our affiliate code. 

       
    2. Reviews (Page) - none
    3. Advice Panel (Page) - none
    4. Specials (Page) - none
    5. Blog (Page) - none
    6. Top 10 (Page) - none
        from 2 - 10 Products
		
			
       
    Footer (section)   
        Tell a Friend - remove
            - dummy contents only 
			- DONE
        Privacy Policy - will send
            - dummy contents only
        DMCA Policy - will send
            - dummy contents only
        

 Copyright © 2011 SkinCareSearch.com Inc. All Rights Resereved. skincareviews.com
 Please remove "skincareviews.com" from the end of this line. 
	- DONE

Advice Panel
Individual articles (after clicking on the titles)
contain images - Im gonna send you the images corresponding with the articles - please update those.
The image of the girl getting botox injection is just for placement. - we have to remove it.
- DONE



